<pre>
Title: Store Card Asset Definition File Extensions.
Author: Guillaume Lebleu <giyom@gyft.com>
Created: 2015-05-20
</pre>

== Abstract ==

This document refines existing fields and defines new fields of the Asset Definition File.

== Motivation ==

Gift card assets, store card assets, prepaid card assets have specific characteristics that are not captured in the Open Assets Protocol' Asset Definition File.

== Specification ==

=== Existing fields ===

The following existing fields are re-used and their definition is refined.

{| class="wikitable"
! Field !! Description
|-
|rowspan="2"| General
|-
! name_short || '''(required)''' For assets of type <code>storeCard</code>, ISO 4217 3-letter code representing the unit of account for the asset.
|-
! description || For assets of type <code>storeCard</code>, a brief description of the asset, used for accessibility.
|-
! type || '''(required)''' the value is <code>storeCard</code>.
|- 
|rowspan="2"| Visual
|-
! icon_url || For assets of type <code>storeCard</code>, the icon is used to represent the card.
|-
! image_url || For assets of type <code>storeCard</code>, the URL to an image representing the front of the card. Recommended size 1,033px x 657px (3.452" x 2.17").
|}

=== New fields ===

The following fields are added:

{| class="wikitable"
! Field !! Description
|-
|rowspan="2"| General
|-
! currency_unit || '''(required)''' ISO 4217 3-letter code representing the unit of account for the asset.
|-
! asset_group || Arbitrary string describing a group of assets. Assets belonging to the same group must use the same <code>name_short</code>.
|-
|rowspan="2"| Legal
|-
! country || '''(required)''' ISO 3166 2-letter code representing the country of issuance.
|-
! state || 2-letter code representing the state or province of issuance.
|-
! terms || The terms and conditions displayed on the card.
|-
|rowspan="2"| Financial
|-
! expires || UTC Timestamp formatted date/time when the asset is no longer valid for redemption by the issuer.
|-
|rowspan="2"| Visual
|-
! logo_url || The URL to a logo representing the issuer.
|-
! back_image_url || The URL to an image representing the back of the card. Recommended size 1,033px x 657px (3.452" x 2.17").
|-
! primary_color || The foreground color of the card, as a CSS-style RGB triple.
|-
! background_color || The background color of the card, as a CSS-style RGB triple.
|-
! text_color || The color of the text on the card, as a CSS-style RGB triple.
|-
|rowspan="2"| Commerce
|-
! locations_url || The URL to a list of locations accepting the asset.
|}

=== Location file format ===

JSON format

